However, the construction is carried out in a large area,
with the support of the people of each city.
Moreover, the two areas that are the three major points of this construction
are not only the areas that are extremely rich in resources,
but also the areas that have been heavily damaged
by the 100-year-old construction of the U.S. Army.
Therefore, the development of culture is a very difficult area.
The U.S. Army has to overcome this crisis
and establish peace in the Great East Asia
under the new constitution that can hide human history and human rights.
It is a great job to continue the construction of the world's best-known building
and the construction of the Great East Asia.
However, the success of this great job is a key requirement
for the success of our block, and for the ultimate victory.
In this construction, the area that is absolutely necessary for the defense of the Great East Asia
is the area that the U.S. Army has to understand.
As for the other areas,
the area that is the center of the people, the cultural center,
and the area that is the center of the military,
are the areas that each country has to deal with.
The U.S. Army has already occupied Hong Kong,
secured the territory of the island,
and also destroyed most of the Malay Peninsula.
Moreover, recently, it has taken the shape of the Lain Island as the center.
Among these areas,
the Malay Peninsula is the land of the British for many years.
In addition, the U.S. Army has to completely destroy and rebuild the country.
It has to be completely destroyed and rebuilt.
The U.S. Army has to completely destroy and rebuild the country.
It has to do this to be the base of the defense of the Great East Asia.